[Autogenerated] Okay, Welcome back.
Now, we just got done discussing s three lifecycle rules,
and in this clip, we're going to start diving into cross region replication.
Now,
cross region replication is a built in S three service that allows us
to replicate objects between different AWS regions.
So this could help us meet compliance requirements
or even just back up standards.
So let's go ahead and get started.
We have our demo one bucket here and I'm gonna create a new buckets.
Let me click on Create Bucket and I'm gonna enter a name.
So it's gonna be the same all the way up to the last piece of it as to
where I say dash CR are for cross region replication.
Now the other buckets are in the US west to region, which is Oregon.
So let's make this one in Ohio, and I'm gonna click on next,
and what I'm going to do is I'm going to leave all of the defaults,
so I'm gonna click on next through here all the way until create bucket.
So let me create this new bucket and there we go.
We now have our US West to Bucket Demo Dash one and then we
have our US East to bucket demo dash cr r.
So let's go and set this up.
I'm gonna open up my demo One bucket and under the management pain here,
there's a replication tab so you can see we don't
have any rules for this bucket.
So let's go ahead and add one.
I'm gonna add a rule and you can see we set our source.
Now we can either select the entire bucket.
So all objects within the bucket or a new updated feature is we
can specify either a prefix or a tag filter.
So if we only want to back up certain objects that have a
certain prefix or maybe a specific tag, we can do that for this demo.
Let's go into the entire bucket and then you can see
that we can set replication criteria.
So do we want to replicate objects encrypted with a W S K.
M s.
So I'm gonna go and select Yes,
because we have default encryption set up on that bucket.
If you recall and you can see we have four keys selected.
So it's selecting all of the keys that we have within
our region here in this account.
So we have four that are used.
So I'm gonna leave that enabled.
And then I'm gonna click on next,
and you can see we now set our destination bucket.
So let me open this up and I'm gonna go and filter out based on plural.
OK, there we go.
We see our demo dash cr our bucket.
Now, if you recall,
we also had a demo bucket in the same region as our demo one bucket.
But because that's not in a different region,
it's not going to show up in this cross region replication set up.
So it's a semi smart filter,
so it may select this cross region replication bucket and
you can see we actually get an error.
And this is because our target bucket does not have version ing enabled,
and cross region replication requires that version ing has turned on.
Now understand this means for both buckets,
so the source and the destination are required to have version ing enabled.
So I'm gonna go and let s three enable it on this
bucket here and let's continue on.
The next thing we can do is set the destination encryption settings.
So I'm gonna go in select the standard A W s s three kms key.
And that means that all destination objects are going to be encrypted with
this key I d and then at the bottom here we have options.
So if we wanted to, we could change the storage class for the replicated objects,
which means we can take it from a standard storage which they are to.
Maybe we want to make it standard, infrequently accessed or just any other type.
Maybe we want to make it a glacier archive storage class.
Now for this demo, we're not going to select this,
but it's good to know that you can do it.
And the next thing we see is change object ownership
to the destination bucket owner.
And what this means is that if we were going to enable
cross account cross region replication, which is possible,
we would change all objects automatically using s three to be
owned by the destination bucket account.
So even though we owned the objects in our account as soon as they're
replicated to the other region and other AWS account,
that destination account is now going to own those objects,
so that's a pretty cool little feature.
I'm gonna un select this because it's obviously our own
bucket and I'm gonna click on next.
And now you can see we select our I am role.
So this role will need the proper permissions to perform s three related tasks.
Now,
I made one called Allow Underscore CRR and this one essentially as Amazon s
three full access so I could do anything that it needs.
The next thing in line is we give our ruling name and this can not be empty.
So let me go and give this a name of CRR Dash demo and then you can see
underneath that we can either enable or disable this upon creation.
We'll leave it enabled.
I'll click on next and then we get a review.
We see our source bucket here, which includes the bucket name,
the scope in the region.
We see our destination configuration here,
which is saying, Hey,
you're replicating to this destination bucket in this region using
the same storage class as well as replicating objects that were
already encrypted and then at the bottom.
We have our options.
So the role that we selected the name, our priority and then our status.
So let me go and click on Save here,
and that's gonna create our replication rule.
And there we go.
So let me scroll up a little bit and we can see everything now on one page.
So we see our global settings here that we can add it,
which have our source destination and permissions.
And then we see a list.
With our one rule in place, we see the name scope,
the object owner,
all the different settings that go along with configuring this replication rule.
Now, a little tidbit to keep in mind is you can actually prioritize your rules.
So this means if you have one rule that you for sure want to get done first,
you can set the priority to one, and it's gonna get executed before any others.
So now that we have this rule in place, let's go and test it out.
I'm gonna go back to s three here and let me upload an object to our bucket.
So let me click on upload, and I'm going to select a few files.
Okay, so I've uploaded a few files.
You can see we have to yamma files here,
and let's actually go check out our destination bucket and look at that.
They're already replicated to that cross region replication bucket,
so that only took a couple of seconds.
Now Amazon does specify that it can take up to 15 minutes and in rare cases,
even a couple of hours.
And they say this is going to be dependent upon the size and the
number of objects that are being replicated.
So do not panic if it does not immediately get
replicated to your destination bucket.
Now that's going to do it for this clip on cross region replication.
We're going to go and wrap it up and I'll see you in the next one. We're going to start diving into storage metrics.